Pastebin mirror - https://pastebin.com/UtaAwYJi

"speedrun.website mission statement" by Squiddo:

Ever since I really joined the speedrun community, I have heard about issues people had with the src website, specifically feature requests that either didnt get listened to, or added. Many of the complaints that I was hearing stemmed from the user experience that the leaderboard moderators were struggling with. I might not be a board moderator, but I hate bad ux because thats part of my job.
 
The whole time I've also had the thought that if someone would just start up a project for a new site, people would show up to work on it. There is a large amount of coding skill in the speedrunning community (look at how many practice hacks and randomizers and wiki websites there are), and a large amount of people who do this sort of thing as their day job. No one person has enough time to build a new website, which is why it hasn't been done yet, but we have a whole lot of people who wish for something better.
 
So in the spirit of Field of Dreams, and "if you build it, they will come", a discord has now been started and we are working on a plan for the project.
 
We have a server up, I bought domains for it with my own dollary-doos. The dream is a leaderboard website that fills everyone's needs. The leaderboard will be powered by a much better API/DB. The goal is that even if a game community doesn't want to use the board on the actual website (megaman, or sm for example), the API/DB is easy and clear and usable enough that they can use it on their own websites.
 
ELO has been making changes lately that the community isn't happy with. Redirects that used to link to external boards. Ads that push the page content down to almost pass the viewport. Sold to a company that cares about making money from esports, and has a business model of putting things behind paywalls.
 
Not only do we not have to put up with this (we only do because there isnt anything better) we can build something better that has scalability built in. Making it open source (like racetime.gg, which replaced SRL, something else people had issues with) means that any time someone wants an improvement, they can join the project and help make it happen.
 
One of the things on my todo list is to collect as many twitter complaints that I can (there are many that have been ignored) about a leaderboard website and work to fix those issues in the new site. 
 
This is a no pressure/no crunch project. There is no forcing anyone to work on this. Speedrunning is a hobby that many of us love, not a life or death matter that requires deadlines. That all being said, there will be a lot of ways to help the project.
 
I'm putting a big value on feedback, which is something that literally everyone can do. I'm going to set up some way to collect feedback. Maybe a google form. And then those will be turned into possible future features. :)